JDBC connector 42.3.3.1 release branch (#2470)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/jdbc_connector/42.3.3.1/01_jdbc_rel_notes/08_jdbc_42.3.3.1_rel_notes.mdx

---
title: "Version 42.3.3.1"
---

The EDB JDBC connector provides connectivity between a Java application and an EDB Postgres Advanced Server database.

New features, enhancements, bug fixes, and other changes in the EDB JDBC Connector `42.3.2.1` include:

| Type           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Upstream Merge | Merged with the upstream community driver version `42.3.2`. See the community [JDBC documentation](https://jdbc.postgresql.org/documentation/changelog.html#version_42.3.2) for details.                                                                                                                                   |

> | New Feature    | `org.checkerframework.*` was previously packaged in the EDB JDBC jar file; causing conflicts with other applications utilizing `org.checkerfamework.*` with different versions.  New feature is packaging the checker framework under a custom namespace in the connector using the shade plugin. [Support Ticket: #74134] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| New Feature    | `org.checkerframework.*` was previously packaged in the EDB JDBC jar file causing conflicts with other applications using different versions of `org.checkerfamework.*`.  Now the checker framework is packaged under a custom namespace using the shade plugin. [Support Ticket: #74134] |
```
